
                                        

Aiims is fully goverment and this hospital provide a very good services to his pateint . doctor response is very sencere and carefull with patient. many hundered poeple find treatment in this daily it has very cleaness in his ground though it provide good facility to their patient, . I also show...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Aiims is fully government and this hospital provide a very good services to his patient.doctor response is very sincere and carefull with patient. Many hundreds of people find treatement in this daily .it has very cleaness in his ground though it provide good facility to their patient. I also sh...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Today I give the information to you abut AIIMS hospital in delhi which can help in sometimes. AIIMS hospital was a fully goverment hospital in delhi or everywhere. infrastructure of this hospital can be made within providing a good service to patient, easily transfer medicine and also a new medi...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

AIIMS hospital is one of the best hospital in india is very popular in india in this hospital there is best doctors of india when people are faceing any problem about their health they always like to go AIIMS . AIIMS is spreds overs 330 acre. the doctar of AIIMS vwere highly educated AIIMS was c...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

As per govt. Hospitals and burden of patients from all over India and even crowd from outside India , its catering a good quality treatment .If the scenerio is of foreign country with respect to the patient load then it would have been one of the best hospitals in the world .But still its trying...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Hiii readers this is Abhishek. Today I am talk about the aims hospital. This hospital is fabulous and who person goes in this hospital that person return totally fit condition. This hospital services is good, doctors well educated no medical students in this hospital. These doctors treat the pat...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

AIIMS is no doubt the best medical college of our country. it is the best place where a person can find treatment for his or her ailment and can cure himself or herself with an affordable and cheap cost .

since it is an government organisation it offers various facilities to the people and it...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Hello readers last month my relative brother was suffer from kidney problem . I recommend my brother to check the problem in delhi aiims hospital . I hear that the aiims hospital is very good in treatment . I enterd in hospital the area is very large and hospital having best doctors from the wor...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

I just do not understand if doctor start meeting patient after 3 or 3.30 PM why the prc card making time is 1.15 to 3 PM. It does not make any sense. Patient spend whole day in waiting Hall which is really very disgusting. And it is not the case that aiims doctors are not aware about this situat...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Today I m giving this review which happen with my father in aiims Delhi. Doctors is not careful in about patients deceases. my father is not now in this world due to right treatment of my father deceases. Aiims doctors not give them right treatment they avoid us every time refer here nd there. t...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Hi everyone.Dear viewers and readers today I share my personal experience about AIIMS hospital. Few months ago I suffer from skin rashes problem, when all my effort go invain .Then I suggest to go AIIMS skin specialist Dr.

I reached early in the morning because I heard about large queue/ line...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Hello friends

AIIMS is a world class clinical care available to millions of underprivileged citizens of India.

and very good place for nursing education. all staff possesses good behavior. best institute for learning medicine .

and provides standard patient care according to MCI standar...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

AIIMS is a reputed hospital in Delhi but Staff of the hospital is not good. Their behavior is very bad because one incident happened with me.

My cousin sister was admitted in that hospital due to Dengue fever and that time We discussed with the doctor about treatment he suggested us to arrang...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Last year one of my friend came to delhi, for his elder brother's treatment, his brother had some kidney problems and he was on dialysis, so my friend thought why not he should take him to aiims, the best hospital of India, he called me up and I also was like, yes this is the best hospital, and ...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

I do know I should write this review or not because it is one of the prestigious and emminent hospital and it provides cheapest medical facilities in india, but my experience was some what opposite.

Last year I had to go to aiims emergency at midnight when I was not able to breathe properly, ...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

AIIMS stands for ALL INDIA INSTITUTE OF MEDICAL SCIENCES and was founded in late 1956 whose current director is Prof. MC Misra. This goverment led medical hospital has attracted over whopping amount of indian and foreign population given that it provides one of the best and easily affordable tre...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

One of the biggest hospital of India

AIIMS Hospital is a best hospital for me

My grandfather is suffering from Vens blocking 89%

First time we visit apolo hospital Patna and admited him after CT scan they scaring for operation in very short time we are very nervous but Dr Mahendra prasa...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Aiims is one of the best government hospital I have been through .the best part of the hospital is the Management over the each and every employee are very supportive and also the doctor are very kind nd polite and the doctor are highly qualified and experienced .aiims provide free of cost servi...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

AIIMS are very veryy good in india its very big . in the aiims hospital medical college and hospital and reshrce center I tell me about the aiims now . I had gone some time ago in aiims so than I see it it was very big I shocked and this hospital facilaty is very nice for every one but its costl...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Today I am saring my personal experience with you about this Aiims hospital.

Aiims is the biggest government hospital which is situated in delhi.In aiims every facility are avilable.main aim of government to open this hospital to provied facility of treatment for poor person which cannot pay ...Read More
                                

                                    
