                                        My relative was admitted to BLK for a kidney related problem. The problem was minor as they had to insert a needle into the kidney from outside to drain all the puss that had accumulated there.For that they did a whole Xray and MRI twice alongwith blood tests which was not required. It coste...Read More
                                        From Last Few Months My Mom Is Facing High Pain At The Back And Joint Due To Which She Won't Be Able To Stand For Long Time She Had Went To Many Doctors But No Improvement Was Seen In Her Problem Finally SomeOne In My Relative Had Recommended My Mother To Have Treatment From Doctor Duggal Who Is...Read More
                                        BLK Hospital is primarily for rich folk and foreigners from Arab and African countries. Rest of the folks will get the right treatment. but at a huge price.Infrastructure: Decent. Better than Ganga Ram Hospital. To visit a patient only one person can go inside the patient ward. Strict checki...Read More
                                        My brother who was suffering from a minor jaundice. He was treated for jaundice 2 months ago from fortis, and he was doing fine. But When he got it again so we thought to get it treated permanently from the best hospital in Delhi. So we reached Blk hospital after searching on internet.And then t...Read More
                                        My friend met with an accident on 4th december 2016 at around 12 amHe reached to BL kapoor hospital with the help of his friends .First of all they said they will charge rs 24000 for stiches in his eyebro ( total 10 stiches) , plus they said it will be a police case . I didnt understand ...Read More
                                        Hi AllI am writing it as I went through with the bad experience of BLK Hospital.My father is having Hemorrhoids and doctor suggested to operate.But my father's sugar level was high due to which it cant be possible to operate and he is also having Thyroid problem.But do not know w...Read More
                                        Hello sir,My mother is on dialysis and needs to get admitted to your hospital for better supervision as her health is very critical currently. She is CGHS beneficiary and whenever we try to approach your hospital, the staff denies stating they are full. Kindly help me on this.Her current...Read More
                                        The doctors, nurses on duty are attentive & caring. They have given all sorts of co-operation and attention to the patient. Giving full marks for then tremendous care and support to the patient.!Dr. B L Kapur, an eminent Obstetrician and Gynaecologist, set up a Charitable Hospital in 193...Read More
                                        Doctors and the hospital staff just need money thats it.they play with life of every patient.they treat us as customers.its just a business organisation.Doctors will keep pretending as if they dont know what has happen to patient.they will keep diagnosing the disease even though if its clear...Read More
                                        This hospital just has big building and nothing else .My sister was 10 months pregnant and she was taken to hospital.The foolish doctor who is a gynecologist said that I don't have time please come next Tuesday. When my sis went through a test, it stated that baby was already pushing and...Read More
                                        My Experience with BL Kapoor Hospital was very pleasant. I had to visit the hospital last month in case of my father’s oral cancer. We received very warm welcome at the reception. The staff was very cooperative and guided us all the way.When my father was admitted we were afraid of high trea...Read More
                                        I shudder every time I think of the 4 days I spent in BLK hospital, and I hope no one has to go through the trauma that we had to endure. My father was admitted to this hospital from 21 Mar - 24 Mar 2013, as his oncologist, a doctor for who we have a lot of respect, consults here.On the day ...Read More
                                        I went to meet doctor "Amit Aggarwal BLK Hospital" in oncology to find an second opinion. I paid 850 rs. for the consultation and I didnt spend more than 5 minutes with him and what I found out was that I met with unprofessional doctor who in 5 minutes spent 3 minutes on phone and computer.A...Read More
