                                        DHARAMSHILA CANCER HOSPITAL-DELHIthe infrastructure of the this hospital is very attractive for all the patient and his family first choice to go this hospital for care of his family member.Medical facility is very good and staff of this hospital is very friendly to all.They show his helping...Read More
                                        Dharanshila hospital is quite good for cancer patients first of all the hospital area are so clean and fresh always.the service of this hospital is good, the employees and staff are very careful and they listen to the patients what they need or notmy mom is suffering from multiple myloma...Read More
                                        I am an ex-employee of this hospital and I used to work with patients. This hospital is full of infection. They don't have trained staff. Existing staff is being forced to work for long hours. Believe it or not, As per my experience, This hospital is worst in India. They click fake photographs a...Read More
                                        Dharamshila Hospital And Research Centre is a hospital which is being run with great and quiet efficiency, with nursing and other staff working with devotion. Doctors are very able and experienced, and the operating surgeon Dr. Parbhat combines rare qualities of Profession, Courtesy and Vision. ...Read More
                                        The most commendable thing about Dharamshila Hospital is its Doctors - well educated and experienced, explaining all pros and cons of illness to patients and the most their co-operation, they answer all my silly questions patiently. Secondly the nurses who takes care of the patients like their f...Read More
                                        I like most about is the friendly atmosphere and cooperation extended at all level and all the time.I must appreciate the Dietary Services also who were always on time with hygienic and tempting food for the attendantsThe most appealing is the nursing staff on the third floor. They are v...Read More
                                        Everything from the time I park my car "Arush" the attendant is so helpful to the reception to everyone in between. They greet you with a warm smile and are extremely helpful. The Doctor at Dharamshila Hospital give you so much time in understanding your problem even after being super specialist...Read More
                                        My Name is Satish Joshi and my hospital ID(C. R. No.) is C65360. We found the whole staff of Dharamshila Cancer Hospital in every level most cooperative and extremely loving. The doctors here are very nice and professional. Over and above, the motherly care given by the nurses is most appreciabl...Read More
                                        Dharamshila Hospital is doing great service in providing different types of treatment to its patients. I appreciate the kind of services and treatment I received at Dharamshila Hospital. This place is actually a healing place for everyone. Last but not the least; applaud for my doctors Dr. Deepi...Read More
                                        I came from Dubai to Dharamshila Hospital And Research Centre for my Cancer Treatment(Carcinoma Right Buccal Mucosa). Throughout my stay, right from my registration to till my discharge and follow up treatment everyone including my doctors, nurses, front office staff, my PRO, Housekeeping, Secur...Read More
                                        I highly recommend and beg all those reading this review not to take your dear ones to this selfish money earning shop. This is far too away from being a hospital. They will find ways and means to take hold of all your money and then discharge you shamelessly with out seeing the patients conditi...Read More
                                        Very good medical care and facility is provided by hospital, because I went with my father for his prostate cancer treatment. One of my friend suggested me for dharamshila hospital and they took care of my father, I was really worried for father health.Dr.Chandan Choudhary and his staff member w...Read More
                                        Recently I visited Dharamshila hospital with my mother for her treatment regarding cancer treatment.Doctors and staff provides us all the possible best services for my mother.Sometimes whenever I go for any test either in radiation oncology department or other department for my mother, they real...Read More
                                        I had taken my father "Anil Kumar Jain" to this hospital on 31st July 2013 for biopsy for the first time. He diagnosed with Cancer in Soft Palate stage 1 right upper side in mouth. Both the doctors Dr Anshuman Kumar and Dr Manish Bhushan Pandey confirmed that there is no life threat as this is s...Read More
                                        I am writing because I am not at all satisfied with their service. I admitted my brother in this hospital on 16/05/14 at 7.00 pm against C R NO. C77424. Due to non availability of senior doctors in hospital they sifted to my brother in ICU for one day.Next day after visit of Dr. Kanika Sharm...Read More
                                        Choosing a cancer center is an unavoidable decision when one is diagnosed with cancer. Poring over numerous statistics, asking for referrals from friends and family, and researching hospitals in the area can be a daunting task. Many patients feel powerless, scared, and defeated. They face an int...Read More
                                        Location: Established in 1994, Dharamsheela hospital is located in south east Delhi in Vasundhra enclave. Dharam means duty and shila means foundation which implies the foundation of duty and care.Numbers: 011-22617771-5 please take prior appointment before visiting the OPD. As without prior adm...Read More
