                                        Hello frands I would like to share my personal experience with kukreja hospital.last year my younger brother was admited in kukreja hospital .infrasture is oky but their is no spacious in the manner of medical care this hospital was very wrost there is no doctor came to attend the patient only n...Read More
                                        Very recently my mother has been to Kukreja hospital for good 3 days. My mother is suffering from slip disk problem fron last 10 yrs.Recently her problem got enhance as she was working by bending forward. As father was in police so mother is covered under CGHS medical scheme. She had bwwn in...Read More
                                        Zero in everything.  . no health care. worst treatment. Most doctors on call n that too not much experienced. . Our patient was went for a treatment of fever and they asked for surgery . after which things went more wrong. hAve seen almost 10 to 15 deaths in past 20 days. last week they forgot t...Read More
                                        Though the hospital seems average, but for me it acted as a blessing. I took my dad here for a treatment of big boil in his palm. He was in too much pain and we were not able to get the right treatment for him through local physicians. Then we took him to Kukreja opd, there we met Dr. Subodh, he...Read More
                                        Kukreja hospital is known to be as one of the good hospital in Delhi. But after our own experience we concluded that it's the worst hospital as there is no care in this hospital. My aunt was admitted few days back but she was actually injured by the staff out there. One of the staff was very ang...Read More
                                        With highest regards to the doctors of the hospital, my mother is being getting treated at your hospital on level 1 ICU and since last evening she hasn't been able to sleep and now on your instructions.When she is trying to sleep you all doctors are chatting among yourself in such a high voi...Read More
                                        I am a practising doctor in Banglore and I chanced to read the review posted by pawandeeps against Kukreja Hospital.Let me make it clear that I do not know Kukreja Hospital or Dr Geetu Kukreja in any way.But going through the review I could not resist myself.The patient says that he was gett...Read More
                                        I , Pramod gupta, am a practising Chartered accountant.We were married for 12 yrs but my wife could not concieve.After trying various Fertility Centres across the country, we finally contacted Dr Geetu Kukreja IVF specialist.We were impressed by her track record of providing pregnancies to ladie...Read More
                                        I was visiting KUKREJA HOSPITAL from past almost 10 Years.But as a matter of fact I was visiting to them for small therapy.My illusion in this time was that it is a good treating hopital to care & serve people.But as a matter of fact they are on the other side.My wife was addmitted in hospit...Read More
