                                        Hi All, my father got admitted in Max Patparganj on 25th Jan, 2019 around 2.00PM with the complaints of Fever, Lot of cough and shortness of breath. They admitted him in emergency and done tests for the whole day. In the evening they said his lungs x-ray reports are not good. They shifted him to...Read More
                                        My wife was admitted for treatment of bilateral pleural effusion at MAX, Mohali. The water from her lungs was removed and a sample was drawn for biopsy test. Without waiting for the results of biopsy test, for the reasons best known to Dr. Gautam Goyal, she was administered chemotherapy. Dr. Gau...Read More
                                        This one is wrost hospital in delhi/ncr. They don't care about you they only care about money. They killed my dad. Don't go there. I wanted to file a case against them....EmailFlag This ReviewIrrelevantFakeJunkThank You! We appreciate your effort.
                                        I am writing about this review of Max Smart super specialty hospital Saket Delhi.This was my first pregnancy, all was right, so I chose Max Hospital. I did a regular checkup with dr Bela Makhija in Saket Max Smart Hospital and in her guidance there was no problem till 37 weeks, in fact my wa...Read More
                                        I am reporting the issue of the in-ethical act by greedy Hospital Max healthcare-Who after getting vulnerable patients at times of medical emergencies make them sign at terms and conditions of the hospital at times for Admission,-And later bill them wrongly and /Or treat them carelessly ...Read More
                                        I have had several encounters with Max Hospital Gurgaon in the last 6 months or so, not necessarily as a patient, but as a family member of more than 2 others. I need to be discreet here and save the rest of the details as they may be personal in nature, however there is so much to share about m...Read More
                                        As the name shows of the max hospital i.e. super speciality but there is nothing like that, it infrastructure is good, its facility is better but it doesn't care about the patient it focus only on making money as per my experience.i have seen and listen many cases like that ....EmailFlag This ReviewIrrelevantFakeJunkThank You! We appreciate your effort.
                                        The facility given are extremely good and especially the staff's reaction to patients are amazing. We like it very much. The visitors would love to see more stimulation machines so that patients will not have to wait for each other. Rest all are excellent....EmailFlag This ReviewIrrelevantFakeJunkThank You! We appreciate your effort.
                                        Hello!Everyone here in front of you to all the public through this mouthshut.com website which has given me an opportunity to share my personal experiences and views which I had personally met with the friend of mine whose parents were admitted to the this Max Super Speciality Hospital-Saket-New...Read More
                                        Experienced great work done by the doctors  ( Gaurav Mahajan & Amit Bhatla) here at max hospital vaishali ghaziabaad.Thanks to the house keeping people, chefs for the nice food provided within 6 days.Thanks also goes to Sushant and his boys for helping us here at max hospital vaishali.....Read More
                                        For last two days, I was stationed in Max Hospital, Vaishali as attendant to my father who underwent an operation under Urology.Our experience this time was not very good compared to his previous operation in the same hospital under Cardiac Care Unit for stents. Father was all praise for ccu...Read More
                                        We went to max healthcare last year in june when my uncle's kidney got damaged.They handled the situation very wisely and they guided us only the important things that needs to be done in order not to waste any money.The ambience of hospital was good.It was clean, fresh and no smell of medic...Read More
                                        Hey friends today I talk about Max Super Specially Hospital at Bathinda. I feel very bad experience of this hospital. The hospital initiative only on money not focus on patient. So I talk about my personal experience of this bad hospital. Over 2 years ago my father feel some bad about health so ...Read More
                                        Before 5 months ago my uncle is hospitalised in max super speciality hospital vaishali gaziabaad there was services are very good and well mannered waydictors are very berriliant and they have full of knowledge about their profession security system is very strict of the hospital we cant ent...Read More
                                        Hello friends, I am sharing to you my personal experience so I want to say something about the max super specialty hospital that first this is good healthcare hospital. second the infrastructure is fine there. third the medical care is good but not too good there because I have admitted about 3 ...Read More
                                        Hello Guys today I am share my view on Max Multi speciality centre which is located at panchsheel park, in Delhi which is one of the worst hospital.I visited there 4day before to my grandmother treatment.This Hospital main focus is to just take more and more money from there patient by sayin...Read More
                                        Hello guys today I will tell you about my views on Max Hospital . I have visited Max Hospital approx 2 months ago with my brother who has pain his chest. They told us to arrange money for surgery we told them that we will arrange the money for the surgery but you start the process now but they i...Read More
                                        Howdy sidekicks today I am offering my experience to regard to max mending office.The Hospital has awesome name in grandstand buy believe me that they simply require money as extra as they can take from you the genuinely couldn't mind less of your prosperity and life as well.My father is...Read More
                                        Hello friends today I am sharing my experience regarding to max hospital.The Hospital has good name in market buy believe me that they only want money as more as they can take from you the really don't care of your health and life also.My father is working on that branch of max hospital ...Read More
                                        Hi guysI want to share my experinces about max hospital . I went their and know about the hospital . when my father had instant pain in heart and we took him in max . In max in emergency doctor said need to do surgery and told us immediatly pay the charge then after we take him in icu . they...Read More
