                                        We have a lot of faith in the way this hospital treats its patients, but something lately turned our faith off. The incident involves one doctor named Dr. Kanika Batra. She sits on the ground floor, in Gynae. department. On being looked at first, she actually doesn't seem like a doctor, plus was...Read More
                                        Wish I could give no stars but there is no option.the worst hospital it is.inhuman staff and don't care attitude doctors and rude staff is what you will get and they just want to make money.Never go to this hospital if you love your loved ones.they just want to make money.I don't have words it i...Read More
                                        Hai guys .I am a onco male nurse in rajiv ghandhi cancer institue . I want you to tell something about Rgci , its is very good hospital for cancer treatment and palliative care . All kind of latest technique and chemo with immunotherapy regimes is used here to treat cancer patient with lots ...Read More
                                        RGCIRC is latest technologies for treatment and research.medical facilities and staff is realy food.Hygiene standard is also good in the hospital. The doctors and the staff are highly experienced.They treat the patients very carefully and examine the diseases very deeply and do the right treatme...Read More
                                        My father was diagnosed with lung cancer and we took him to Rajiv Gandhi Cancer hospital, Delhi based on reviews from people.What is BAD there:Not cooperative: Management and Doctors are arrogant there. We had a cashless health policy for my father from my employer and the hospital was i...Read More
                                        Dr. KUMARDEEP DUTTA CHAUDHRY.at RAJIV GANDHI CANCER HOSPITAL.(RGRCI)is a very POOR DOCTOR.interms of knowledge. And money.my wife lost her life under his given treatment.he has no sympathy .doesnot want to listen to patient problems.money minded doctor . just wants to give chemo to the patient t...Read More
                                        RGCIRC is the best for the cancer patients.As there are latest technologies for treatment and research.medical facilities and staff is realy food.Hygiene standard is also good in the hospital.The doctors and the staff are highly experienced.They treat the patients very carefully and examine ...Read More
                                        Visited this hospital few months ago with my mother for yearly checkup, every time I visit here I found this place really unhygienic and lack of medical tools.They have a very limited amount of beds, patients have to wait for a long time for their visit to doctor. But Doctors of this hospita...Read More
