
                                        

Yashoda Hospital is one of the best hospital. I will prefer this hospital because it's situated very near to my home(Dayanand Nagar Ghaziabad). The main thing is that he provided the good facility and good doctor team. Mr. Arora developed this hospital very fast and changed infrastructure and in...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

I have been many times in yashoda super speciality hospital for the treatment of my parents. now they are changing their infrastructure making it more modern and attractive look.here I found that its cheaper than other big hospitals . Drs. are same every where. You will find difference only in q...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

On Dec9,2016 I admit my father D.D.Sharma in yashoda kaushambi ghaziabad he decalred death around 9.20a.m after that we pay the due but hospital staff theft my father gold ring he wear this ring since 1990.So you can understand how important this for me.My father always say Doctor and hospitals ...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Hospital is few years old and one of the best in delhi ncr. The structure of hospital is very vast and latest. Hospital hygeine condition is very well. They believe in cleanliness of hospital so much. All facilities are available in yashoda hospital. The staff of hospital is very good they are v...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

This is to share my experience about Yashoda Super Speciality Hospital - Ghaziabad where we visited at the time of an emergency. My mother in law is a sugar patient and holds CGHS card. Initially looking the case as an emergency they hospitalized her and started the initial medical treatment how...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Due to some foul smell and discharge from  the ear, I visited the Yashoda Super Speciality Hospital - Ghaziabad.

After  two or three visit to the Hospital, ENT specialist advised and insisted  for the surgical operation of the ear and assured that it will be completely treated. Taking the adv...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Recently my brother became father at this hospital and myself uncle. Kind of personalized care and treatment we got there was appreciable. The kind of continuous follow up being done by the clinician and the administration of the hospital do is recommendable.

The areas where the hospital can ...Read More
                                

                                    

                                        

Yashoda Super Specialiy hospital is one of the best hospital of its region i.e. Ghaziabad. Yashoda has truly stand upon its name, the reason being - Same way the Mother Yashoda not only took great care of their son Krishna & Balraam but also the natives of their village gokul, Yashoda Hospit...Read More
                                

                                    
